README.md, before:

![CI logo](https://codeinstitute.s3.amazonaws.com/fullstack/ci_logo_small.png)

Welcome cjfinan,

This is the Code Institute student template for deploying your third portfolio project, the Python command-line project. The last update to this file was: **August 17, 2021**

## Reminders

* Your code must be placed in the `run.py` file
* Your dependencies must be placed in the `requirements.txt` file
* Do not edit any of the other files or your code may not deploy properly

## Creating the Heroku app

When you create the app, you will need to add two buildpacks from the _Settings_ tab. The ordering is as follows:

1. `heroku/python`
2. `heroku/nodejs`

You must then create a _Config Var_ called `PORT`. Set this to `8000`

If you have credentials, such as in the Love Sandwiches project, you must create another _Config Var_ called `CREDS` and paste the JSON into the value field.

Connect your GitHub repository and deploy as normal.

## Constraints

The deployment terminal is set to 80 columns by 24 rows. That means that each line of text needs to be 80 characters or less otherwise it will be wrapped onto a second line.

-----
Happy coding!

Commit message:

[ADD] update to welcome message to look more apealing, start to README file

README.md, after:

# Hangman
My Hangman is a python terminal based game, which runs through a mock terminal on Heroku 

The user tries to guess the randomly selected word before they run out of guesses.

[You can play the game live here!](LINK HERE)


## How to play

In my version of Hangman a random word is generated, the user has to guess one letter at a time
and if the letter is within the word it will then show up however, if they get it wrong
the program will then display how many lives you have left aswell as a visual representation.

Win the game by guessing the correct word before you lose all your lives.


## Features

- Welcome message
- User can clarify any rules if they are unsure
- Or user can go straight into playing the game

![Welcome message](./images/welcome_message.png)

- Random word generated for each game

![Random word](./images/random_word.png)

- Accepts user input
- Valids user input:
  - You cannot guess more than letter at a time
  - You cannot guess anything other than a letter between a-z
  - You cannot guess a letter that you have already guessed
